The following is the annotated transcript of a conversation between a user (U) and the chatbot (B).

B: Do you know that the top of most ovens lifts up for easy cleaning ?
U: interesting
B: Do you know that feeding bread to ducks is dangerous ?
U:
B: Do you want to hear a joke?
U: sure
B: I ate a clock yesterday, it was very time consuming.

For step2, two new reply-producing function were added, and they are showKnowledge() and tellJokes().

B: how are you today?
U: I am great
B: Tell me more about you are great
U: I just created you and I found you are somewhat intelligent.
B: Tell me more about you just created I and you found I am somewhat intelligent.

Also for step2, PronounDictionary is expanded to include object pronoun (my:your), reflexive pronoun
(myself:yourself). New hedges and new prefixes are added.

U: I did it by myself
B: What do you mean when you said you did it by yourself
U: They are interesting
B: Tell me more about They are interesting
U: you are clever
B: What do you mean when you said I am clever
U: I mean you are intelligent
B: Earlier you said that they are interesting, do you mind to tell me more about it?

For step3, switchPerson() replaces changePerson() and 'you':'I' problem is solved (The pronoun only changes once
and will not change back anymore). "They are" in switchPerson() will not change to "They am".
For step4, the chatbot can refer previous conversation by saying: "Earlier you said that they are interesting,
do you mind to tell me more about it?" The memory of chatbot is saved in list priorInputs.

B: how are you today?
U: I am great
B: What's your gender?
U: My gender is male.
B: Got it, interesting.
U: what's my name?
B: I think you haven't tell me yet...
U: what's my gender?
B: Your gender is male

The conversation above shows some features created in step 5. The chatbot can ask user questions about
name, gender, and birthday. The bot can remember user's information about name, gender, and birthday when
being asked again. However, the information about user's name, birthday, and gender can only be recorded
in the memory of chatbot when user reply in the form: my gender/name/birthday is ...

Morevoer, the chatbot can answer the questions about his name, birthday, and gender:

U: When's your birthday?
B: I was initialized in Jan 12, 2020.
U: What's your name?
B: , my name is W.
U: What' your gender?
B: Good question. I'm a man.
